README.md, before:

ArquiusBot
=========================================================================================================================
A Discord utility bot intended for use only in the Homestuck &amp; Hiveswap Discord Server.

**Command Prefix:** `D--> ` (yes, the space is required)

D--> It seems you have asked about the *Homestuck and Hiveswap Discord Utility Bot(TM)*.
This is a bot designed to cater to the server's moderation, utility, and statistic 
tracking needs. If the functions herein described are not performing to the degree 
that is claimed, please direct your attention to **Wizard of Chaos#2459** or **virtuNat#7998**.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Command List:
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

| Command                           | Description                                                                       |
| --------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `help`                            | Display this message.                                                             |
| `info [user]`                     | Grabs user information. Leave user field empty to get your own info.              |
| `role (subcommand) [args...]`     | Provides help for the role command group.                                         |
| `ping`                            | Pong!                                                                             |
| `fle%`                            | Provides you with STRONG eye candy.                                               |
| `roll <n>d<f>[(+\|-)<m>]`         | Try your luck! Roll n f-faced dice, and maybe add a modifier m!                   |
| `latex <latex command>`           | Returns a picture of your latex function. Must be in quotes. Disabled by default. |
| `linky`                           | :drewkaS:                                                                         |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Moderation Command List:
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

| Command                           | Description                                                                       |
| --------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `modhelp`                         | (Manage Roles only) Display this message.                                         |
| `modperms`                        | (Manage Roles only) Show all global guild permissions allowed.                    |
| `role (subcommand) [args...]`     | (Manage Roles only) Provides mod help for the role command group.                 |
| `daily`                           | (Manage Roles only) Show server statistics.                                       |
| `autoreact`                       | (Manage Roles only) Toggle auto-react feature.                                    |
| `ignoreplebs`                     | (Manage Roles only) Toggle non-mod commands getting ignored in a channel.         |
| `togglelatex`                     | (Manage Roles only) Toggle latex functions being allowed.                         |             
| `channel (ban\|unban) <user>`     | (Manage Roles only) Add or remove a channel mute role.                            |
| `raidban <user1> [<user2> ...]`   | (Ban Members only) Ban a list of raiders.                                         |
| `config (msglog\|usrlog)`         | (View Audit only) Sets the appropriate log channel.                               |
| `execute order 66`                | (Senate only) Declares all Jedi to be enemies of the Republic for 5 minutes.      |
| `ZA (WARUDO\|HANDO)`              | (Stand User Only) Utilizes highly dangerous Stand power to moderate the server.   |

Commit message:

QoL update to channel ban
- channel ban command now provides confirmation message that autodeletes after >= 10 seconds
- fixed some weird edge cases with role stuff (hopefully)
- minor fixes to some text field formats
- husky is now properly documented

README.md, after:

ArquiusBot
=========================================================================================================================
A Discord utility bot intended for use only in the Homestuck &amp; Hiveswap Discord Server.

**Command Prefix:** `D--> ` (yes, the space is required)

D--> It seems you have asked about the *Homestuck and Hiveswap Discord Utility Bot(TM)*.
This is a bot designed to cater to the server's moderation, utility, and statistic 
tracking needs. If the functions herein described are not performing to the degree 
that is claimed, please direct your attention to **Wizard of Chaos#2459** or **virtuNat#7998**.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Command List:
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

| Command                           | Description                                                                       |
| --------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `help`                            | Display this message.                                                             |
| `info [user]`                     | Grabs user information. Leave user field empty to get your own info.              |
| `role (subcommand) [args...]`     | Provides help for the role command group.                                         |
| `ping`                            | Pong!                                                                             |
| `fle%`                            | Provides you with STRONG eye candy.                                               |
| `husky`                           | Provides you with an image of a corpulent canine.                                 |
| `roll <n>d<f>[(+\|-)<m>]`         | Try your luck! Roll n f-faced dice, and maybe add a modifier m!                   |
| `latex <latex command>`           | Returns a picture of your latex function. Must be in quotes. Disabled by default. |
| `linky`                           | :drewkaS:                                                                         |
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Moderation Command List:
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

| Command                           | Description                                                                       |
| --------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `modhelp`                         | (Manage Roles only) Display this message.                                         |
| `modperms`                        | (Manage Roles only) Show all global guild permissions allowed.                    |
| `role (subcommand) [args...]`     | (Manage Roles only) Provides mod help for the role command group.                 |
| `daily`                           | (Manage Roles only) Show server statistics.                                       |
| `autoreact`                       | (Manage Roles only) Toggle auto-react feature.                                    |
| `ignoreplebs`                     | (Manage Roles only) Toggle non-mod commands getting ignored in a channel.         |
| `togglelatex`                     | (Manage Roles only) Toggle latex functions being allowed.                         |             
| `channel (ban\|unban) <user>`     | (Manage Roles only) Add or remove a channel mute role.                            |
| `raidban <user1> [<user2> ...]`   | (Ban Members only) Ban a list of raiders.                                         |
| `config (msglog\|usrlog)`         | (View Audit only) Sets the appropriate log channel.                               |
| `execute order 66`                | (Senate only) Declares all Jedi to be enemies of the Republic for 5 minutes.      |
| `ZA (WARUDO\|HANDO)`              | (Stand User Only) Utilizes highly dangerous Stand power to moderate the server.   |
